<!-- --- Sample 1 --- -->
{'id': '106552', 'text': "Discharge Summary:\nPatient Name: N/A\nPatient ID: N/A\nGender: Female\nAge: 43\nAdmit Date: 29th January 2018\nDischarge Date: N/A\n\nChief Complaint:\nInfertility evaluation and management.\n\nHospital Course Summary:\nThe patient, a 43-year-old female, presented to the Centre for Reproductive and Genetic Health, London, with secondary infertility and a previous history of first trimester miscarriage. The patient and her male partner agreed to undergo controlled ovarian stimulation using an antagonist protocol, with a total of two consecutive cycles. The first cycle yielded a total of three top-quality embryos, which were frozen using vitrification techniques on day 3 of embryo development. The second cycle yielded a total of three fertilized embryos, from which one embryo reached the blastocyst stage on day 6. The patient underwent trophectoderm biopsy, which yielded euploid results for both embryos. The patient was advised to take Primolut® and Buserelin® as per the manufacturer's instructions, and a repeat transvaginal scan was scheduled for 12 days later. Once the endometrium was >7 mm in thickness and had a triple line on ultrasound, luteal support commenced, and embryo transfer was scheduled six days later. The patient successfully underwent embryo transfer, and subsequent tests confirmed a viable intrauterine singleton pregnancy with normal fetal development. At the time of the write-up, the patient was 20 weeks without any reported fetal or obstetric complications.\n\nConclusion:\nThe patient presented with secondary infertility, and underwent controlled ovarian stimulation using an antagonist protocol, with two consecutive cycles and vitrification techniques. Trophectoderm biopsy yielded euploid results for both embryos. Luteal support was commenced and embryo transfer was successful, leading to a viable intrauterine singleton pregnancy with normal fetal development.", 'is_member': 0}

<!-- --- Sample 2 --- -->
{'id': '12330', 'text': "A 77-year-old man, with a background of hypertension, atrial fibrillation, aortic valve replacement and a coronary artery bypass graft in 2014, was admitted to the emergency department with acute abdominal pain. Examination revealed a central pulsatile mass, the patient was alert and orientated with a blood pressure of 90/60 mmHg and heart rate of 60 beats per minute. A computed tomographic scan confirmed the presence of a ruptured infrarenal abdominal aortic aneurysm.\nThe patient was on long-term anticoagulation with Warfarin, with an international normalized ratio (INR) of 2.8; this was not reversed prior to or during the patient's surgery. Laparotomy revealed a posterior rupture of the abdominal aneurysm. The patient underwent an uneventful infrarenal tube graft repair with minimal additional blood loss. The patient received four units of packed red cells intraoperatively and a further two units in the postoperative period.\nPostoperatively, the patient remained intubated, ventilated and was taken to the intensive care unit for ongoing supportive care. Approximately 12 hours after surgery, the patient suffered an episode of dark red per rectal bleeding with a melaena-like malodour. The patient's inotropic support had steadily increased throughout the day, and while there had been an initial improvement in the patient's pH and base excess, these plateaued at 7.2 and −11 mEq/l, respectively. There was no concern regarding limb ischaemia, and rigid sigmoidoscopy was unhelpful in ascertaining whether there was mucosal ischaemia of the sigmoid colon or rectum as the view was obscured by dark blood. The decision was made to return the patient to theatre due to the suspicion of colonic ischaemia.\nOn reoperation, the sigmoid colon appeared slightly dusky, however viable, and the remainder of the colon and small bowel looked normal. On closer inspection, there was a rim of ischaemic (black) rectum, seen just above the peritoneal reflection. Dissection beyond the peritoneal reflection revealed full thickness ischaemia of the rectum deep into", 'is_member': 1}

<!-- --- Sample 3 --- -->
{'id': '11635', 'text': "Discharge Summary:\n\nPatient Name: [Patient's Name]\n\nAge: 25 years\n\nGender: Male\n\nAdmission Date: [Admission Date]\n\nDischarge Date: [Discharge Date]\n\nHospital Unit: Dental Clinic\n\nDiagnosis: Previously initiated endodontic therapy with signs of infection and chronic apical periodontitis combined with iatrogenic displacement of a foreign body into the periapical tissues\n\nTreatment: Surgical endodontic treatment including retrograde removal of the foreign object, retrograde instrumentation, and retrograde obturation with a thermoplasticized gutta-percha injection\n\nBrief Hospital Course:\n\nThe patient, a 25-year-old male, was admitted to the dental clinic for a dental check-up of tooth number 21, which had presented with a gradual colour change of the clinical crown over the past three years. Although the tooth was asymptomatic, the patient reported that he had suffered dental trauma 15 years ago resulting in a complicated crown fracture. The medical history revealed no history of systemic problems or allergies.\n\nUpon clinical inspection, a resin was observed at the palatal area and incisal edge. The radiographic inspection revealed the presence of an intraradicular post at the crown level, which was surrounded until the middle third of the root by sealing material. In addition, a radiopaque foreign object was detected in the apical region of the immature canal. A pulpal diagnosis of previously initiated endodontic therapy with signs of infection was established with periapical diagnosis of chronic apical periodontitis combined with iatrogenic displacement of a foreign body into the periapical tissues.\n\nThe patient underwent surgical endodontic treatment, including retrograde removal of the foreign object, retrograde instrumentation, and retrograde obturation with a thermoplasticized gutta-percha injection. The intentional replantation was considered only a last option due to the high probability of root fracture at the time of extraction. The initial prognosis was favourable. \n\nFollowing the procedure, the patient was provided with oral and written postoperative instructions and drug treatment. He returned after three days for suture removal and did not report any unusual discomfort. One month and 12 months after the surgery proper radiographic healing of the periapical lesion was observed, and no symptoms or signs of infection were found.\n\nThe patient was advised of the need to change the crown restoration and was asked to return for a follow-up after completing the reconstruction. Unfortunately, the patient ignored the previous recommendation and only returned for a follow-up 52 months later. In spite of this, no clinical symptoms or signs of infection were observed. \n\nThe patient was discharged in good general condition with complete healing observed in the affected tooth. The final diagnosis was previously initiated endodontic therapy with signs of infection and chronic apical periodontitis combined with iatrogenic displacement of a foreign body into the periapical tissues. The surgical endodontic treatment approach was successful in providing a favourable outcome for the patient's condition.", 'is_member': 1}